V16 : Change TinyMCE defaults to Tiptap (#7064)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 16/umbraco-cms/tutorials/editors-manual/working-with-content/README.md

To make your work easier, there are shortcut keys for certain editor functions. Use the following shortcut keys to carry out certain commands:

| Windows/Linux | MacOS | Action     |
| -------- | -------- | ---------- |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>A</kbd> | <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>A</kbd> | Select all |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>B</kbd> | <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>B</kbd> | Bold       |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>I</kbd> | <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>I</kbd> | Italic     |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> | <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>U</kbd> | Underline  |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>C</kbd> | <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>C</kbd> | Copy       |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd> | <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd> | Paste      |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>V</kbd> | <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd>  + <kbd>V</kbd> | Paste without formatting      |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>X</kbd> | <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>X</kbd> | Cut        |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Z</kbd> | <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Z</kbd> | Undo       |
| <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Y</kbd> | <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Z</kbd> | Redo       |

> We have listed only a few keyboard shortcuts. For a detailed list of available keyboard shortcuts, see the [Tiptap Documentation](https://tiptap.dev/docs/editor/core-concepts/keyboard-shortcuts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only a few keyboard shortcuts are listed here. For a detailed list of available shortcuts, see the [Tiptap Documentation](https://tiptap.dev/docs/editor/core-concepts/keyboard-shortcuts).
```
